feat: replace serviceResponse with option in services object (#434)
mrlubos/openapi-typescript-codegen: docs/openapi-ts/migrating.md

}
```

### Removed `serviceResponse`

> This config option has been moved and can now set in the services config option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config option has been removed. You can now configure service responses using the `services.response` option.
```
